hello welcome to JSF EFS I hope you can
all see this apologies for the link
issues still working out some kinks with
the new YouTube live system this is the
second call on the discussions today
previously we had go up you pass after
the people in p2p the lead for this call
is David Diaz and the note-taker is
Emily Thank You Emily
David Diaz take it away awesome thank
you so I'm not sure if can you hear me
he doesn't like okay no it's not working
we lost your video to you we can see you
again okay can you see me I can't see
you when you speak to this weird it
seems to be a bit stuck yeah something
is not right I don't it are you still
there David you hit me sometimes we can
hear you but you seem to drop off
sometimes
yeah like chrome is telling me that this
angle curve is yawn responsible in
responsib
I'm not sure yeah I know that problem
was everything else yeah the time
nothing else see what I'm doing like
living and and after that restart row
and that should help there is also the
setting to adjust the bandwidth in the
eight in the top of a note and you can
put it to be over well I can kill my
video
if I can click the button which if you
don't be stuck drum and what get better
definitely the MacBook is not a good
developer my computer it works great
don't fall into that trap all right so
we a quick update I quote this last week
it has been mostly about IP LD and like
pushing for the posting sting I did a
very comprehensive review overall the
post stream for requests around with
peer-to-peer so this is like a bit more
on discussion but it's important for
Jessica fells because we are not going
to merge those until we get interrupts
we go and at something that me and
Jeremy have been working since Friday
last which I'm doing the weekend and
still today we do have interrupts with
regards to like speedy transport
protocol multiplexing the multi stream
all using the branches with both streams
so we basically brought all of those all
that functionality back now the thing
that we are tackling is a KO
and second you is like almost working
like the crypto exchange happens it's
just the shared secret that some kind of
like we are still debugging it you might
have seen if you have been following on
IRC me Jeremy and Friedel like trying to
figure out what's going on and if it's a
problem on a JavaScript library or if
something that we are like messing up
with the buffers and then it creates a
different value but yeah like
we are allowing that part which is like
one of the big focuses right now like
getting Jessica first to fully interrupt
we take a year so that book and I start
spawning there's a t-test nodes and dial
to go ipfs and not have to have these
joint networks has been everything so
far
cool comments on on this I'm like if you
have something to add to this video
not much okay yeah we we just need to
fix the bar yeah
just fixed about so basically like we
are the agenda is not as complete as
other meetings but we have been oh it's
just obsessed with the bag and yeah so
if you have like more thing to discuss
in this meeting so I find sorry if it's
not as complete as other meetings like
labeling solutions is just because we
just were ads down with this bag because
we wanted to get it fixed before the
meeting so that it was not successful
but we will get it that cool
the other thing is like welcome Victor
really excited to have you on board and
to have your help on a whole that yet
TFS things I know you started hacking
last week on the files the the
indo-pacific rest core files tests over
at even CPI so that the HTTP I gets
checked to give us a plate on that well
I got the job done some some fixes from
another person that's ordered without it
was relatively simple to fix and I know
I started diving into cats which is
included in the in the test as well but
I quickly realized that I need to
understand a bit more on how JSI PFS
UNIX at first and the interface IP FS
core and a gear and how all these bits
pieces can work together to to actually
run the test where the
for coming from which API is being used
and so on so currently I'm trying to get
like an overview so I can find like a
suitable fix we're going to the issue
where it has to be a stream and the
response I think yeah that's right like
so there's a lot of pieces I know that
like the cat tests like directly
compacting the IP first course so I
cannot true they see peopIe are working
so you can I trust those the thing is
the HTV pi6 qualms and we have thought
several times about it and like the
Jessie PFF API the client for HV API is
waiting on some some specific gathers
specific gathers like the extreme and
the chunked and those might be the ones
missing on the the response on that
endpoint so yeah I've been playing
around a bit with the at the headers and
also looking at the HTTP API spec there
is some apiary I haven't quite correct
workouts yes one thing I'd be good to do
is like just if you are used to use
Wireshark or any other proxy wyshak is
typically a good one to set up after
packets that they see BPI sending and
like checking if they'll be avatar as
defined on HUD ice pack another is
missing then it makes the ipfs api fail
because it will not have the Internet
Society to understand that the stream
and lo debar everything you have the
full support of such so say yeah how
good cool thank you I like yeah like
feel free to ask any question and I cope
any shoes and I tag me
freedo similarly like anyone any team
you'll get blocked in something or if
something is not clear we definitely
still have a lotta work to do in the
commutation
also another thing that's like it might
be
like if you want alright there's a lot
of requests for all this pork stream
stuff and a bunch of these pull requests
now if I can't ask lists or like their
last things that have to be done before
the merge and if um to check some of
those tasks and check those pull
requests I think it would be a very good
time because it's a way for you to get
into all of those modules and like yep
getting you to read the code on those
modules and I'm gonna sending their
goals so yeah okay
there is a miscue I can like link here
on just the affairs of migration coop or
streams that are all requests listed one
by one and I could with you and if any
of the items actually I am that twisted
there you feel like comfortable doing
and if you have time to do it of course
I think I could be great just to speed
you up to the entire code base yeah sure
a good technique you see migration to
put streams yeah migrate post game sweet
yes awesome
there will be any other items that are
like there's a lot of things to do right
now the team is very focused on this
interesting and I peeled eating anything
on there these cups that's someone
anything outside of the scope did you
feel everyone is just like freedom
freedom chopped even looking into the
camera is just like hacking so no
worries read oh you are good awesome
a new car or being awesome and writing
my main thing yeah that's pretty cool
okay so when's it end up here
Thank You Emily for taking notes I will
review them and then I posted your you
cut out a little bit in the beginning so
I wasn't able to catch a lot of what
you're saying okay
about a PLD well yeah okay thank you I
will add the rest and I do the pull
request and then create the action items
on the the Sprint issue but thank you
and I'll good see you all the I didn't
manage to kill my job okay